You're really intentional, there's no way.
Sea of Clouds project, this cake is fascinating.
I'll share it with you.
I'm very upset in my heart.
So as not to upset me.
It can only make you uncomfortable.
The rope is strong, you are too mean
Shenyang is wrong to think of you as a brother.
It's okay, you're going to die anyway.
If you want to kill him, kill me first.
What I hate the most is your virtue.
I'm your man.
But you're protecting other men.
Jiro White
Don't use me as an excuse, you threatened my parents, let me be with you because of my stake.
I'm telling you.
Even if I die, you don't want a penny.
It's not up to you.
The right to inherit the company's shares can be anyone.
I can't handle you.
Can't I even handle your parents?
Big Head
You've planned this from the beginning.